# CN_SocketProject_CHECKPOINT
SocketProject

The primary goal of this project is to create a Socket project that implements the CHECKPOINT application using the Client-server architecture and peer-to-peer architecture. We have two main processes in this application: Bank and Customer. The Checkpoint application is a distributed application in which we implement a checkpoint to ensure that the global state is consistent across all customers and banks. The bank process acts as a server, allowing customers to open accounts, create cohorts, delete cohorts, and exit applications. Customers can issue commands from the terminal using the customer process, which runs as clients. These commands are sent to the bank server by the customer processes. Customers have the ability to deposit and withdraw funds from their accounts. Money can be transferred among customers who are part of a cohort. Customers use checkpoints to save globally consistent states. When there is a lost transfer or any inconsistent state, the customer can also force the peers in the cohort to roll back to the latest checkpoint to ensure a consistent global state is established between the peers. 

In milestone 1, we have already implemented the bank process and multiple customer processes and also performed the actions to open a bank account, create a cohort, delete a cohort, and exit the process. For the final project, the main goal is to establish peer-to-peer communication between customer processes, perform deposits, withdrawal, and transfer operations and maintain a consistent global state with the ability to roll back to a previous consistent state.
